hey guys this is the swatches of the
Rimmel London 60 second nail polish and
they just look like this and yes so stay
tuned to see me actually paint them on
here because I currently have a click so
I cannot ok so I have these nail color
wheels and they're just clear and you
can buy them on online like on eBay and
stuff and I've got a 10 pack so I'm just
gonna use one of them to start painting
on these ones that I want to start
collecting so I'm gonna start off with
this pink one that's called Portobello
pink I think it's called and it's got a
little bit of shimmer in it so I'm gonna
start with that one okay so I'm gonna be
painting it and hopefully you can see
what I'm doing okay and they say that
they have a 1 second application brush
so let's say about that
okay so I'm pretty sure you have to do
it a few coats you can actually start to
see the the shimmer in it so I'm gonna
go ahead and let that dry while I do
another color and then I'll come back to
that to do a second coat so I'm gonna
just go ahead and turn the wheel right
now and I'm gonna take the next color
which is this app which is this purple
color and oops I just ruined that oh my
bad who cares and this is called how do
you I like it how do you how do you like
it so it's a very pretty purple and I'm
gonna go ahead and do that what does it
say it says Express flat brush and then
a one stick in application up to five
times stronger nails so yeah let's test
it out
you
I will do two coats of all of these here
next one I'm taking this really nice
sky-blue and it's cold
what is it call it blue-eyed girl and I
just think it's such a pretty blue and
I'm gonna be taking that now and putting
it on the next nail let me get it open
again oh my god these are like vacuum
sealed okay and let's start painting
so there's the blue and it's looking
pretty good you know it's not as bad as
the first pink one
so let's bend around and now we've got
this one which is called I pronounce the
bond bond bond sigh because without the
bond in front of it I'm pretty sure to
pronounce SI so I just go Banzai or
Banzai
but um this is my absolute favorite
color and it's just so amazing it's a
Tiffany kind of blue turquoise greenish
color and it's just so pretty so I'm
gonna oh my god I stuffed up the blue on
oh well life goes on because I'm taking
this color oh that one was usually
opened and I'm just gonna start painting
in the blue and the
kind of like the same and then the first
one is pretty see-through so I'm gonna
go ahead and start doing the second
layer so I'll just possible with it so
that you don't have to watch me live it
the same and I would say that these are
the thickest the blue one the doc was
the thickest then I would go through the
arm the Tiffany and then the lilac and
definitely the Portobello pink is
definitely the most transparent and I'd
say I'd need to put another coat because
I mean I don't know if you can see maybe
from the back you can kind of see like
these too like you can tell that the
Tiffany one is completely like covered
so if I had to recommend any of these
colors I would definitely recommend this
tiffany blue because it is gorgeous
gorgeous gorgeous and I don't know I
would I just want to paint my nails
right now but I just got them done a few
hours ago so I'm very tempted but I will
do a what am I will look on this so
please let me know if you have any
requests thank you so much for watching
guys and please subscribe for upcoming
tutorials and holes thank you bye